Turn repeated thread locality content into an include (#11554)
getsentry/sentry-docs: includes/platforms/configuration/options/thread-locality.mdx

> <Alert>
> 
> If you are curious about how thread locality works for scope data, in .NET, there
> are two modes for managing "ambient data". Usuaully Sentry will automatically choose the
> most appropriate mode for your application type, however this can be overridden by
> setting [`SentryOptions.IsGlobalModeEnabled`](../../configuration/options/#is-global-mode-enabled) manually.
> 
> If global mode is disabled (appropriate for most server-based applications), the
> ambient scope data is stored as an `AsyncLocal` and so it will flow with the execution
> context. Stephen Toub's blog post on [ExecutionContext vs SynchronizationContext](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/executioncontext-vs-synchronizationcontext/)
> explains that concept in more detail.
> 
> If global mode is enabled (appropriate for desktop applications), ambient scope data is
> stored as a Singleton and available globally. This means you can set context (such as
> the user logged into the application) once and it will be sent with all events, regardless
> of whether the event was captured on the UI thread or a background thread.
> 
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert>

Read on if you're curious to know how thread locality works for scope data. In .NET, there
are two modes for managing ambient data (which is data that's available in different parts of an application and doesn't need to be passed explicitly through method arguments): a disabled global mode and an enabled global mode. Usually, Sentry will automatically choose the most appropriate mode for your application type. However, this can be overridden by setting [`SentryOptions.IsGlobalModeEnabled`](../../configuration/options/#is-global-mode-enabled) manually.

If global mode is disabled (appropriate for most server-based applications), the
ambient scope data will be stored as an `AsyncLocal` and will flow with the execution
context. Stephen Toub's blog post on [ExecutionContext vs SynchronizationContext](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/executioncontext-vs-synchronizationcontext/)
explains that concept in more detail.

If global mode is enabled (appropriate for desktop applications), ambient scope data will be
stored as a Singleton and available globally. This means you can set context (such as
the user logged into the application) once and it will be sent with all events, regardless
of whether the event was captured on the UI thread or a background thread.

</Alert>
```
Main comments here: 
-It's good to add a definition of ambient data. (It would be good to ask Stefan to check the definition I added since I'm not an expert here.)
-The sentence read:  "there are two modes for managing ambient data..." but then didn't specify what those 2 modes are until later down the page and that felt disjointed.
